README.md, before:


MAX! API
========

A Node.js based REST API for the MAX! heating control system by eq-3
(http://www.eq-3.de/max-heizungssteuerung.html).

The objective of this project is to implement everything that is known about the
proprietary MAX! Cube protocol in a modern language that will run on most
platforms and make cube state information and supported commands (such as setting
the desired temperature) available through a standards-based JSON/REST API, to
enable development of MAX! clients in a language/platform of choice without
having to re-implement the MAX! protocol.

Currently supported features
----------------------------

The node app (app.js) supports the following HTTP request types:

- GET /cubes
  Return all MAX! cubes on the local network as a JSON array (contains IP address,
  port and firmware)

- GET /cubes/:ip
  Return status information about the cube specified by IP address :ip as a
  structured JSON object

Getting Started
---------------

The requirement to run this program is Node.js (see http://nodejs.org/ for
details / installation).

To install this program's dependencies, use the node package manager and run
`npm install`

To run this program, simply type `node app.js` - open http://localhost:3000/cubes
in your browser to see a list of cubes or http://localhost:3000/cubes/cube_ip to
get detailed state information about one cube.

Recording Cube Data
-------------------

Use the recording script (`node record.js`) to capture cube data. The cube
state will be retrieved every 60 seconds and the most important data, such
as temperatures and valve settings, will be stored in mongodb.

Commit message:

move recording feature to server

README.md, after:


MAX! API
========

A Node.js based REST API for the MAX! heating control system by eq-3
(http://www.eq-3.de/max-heizungssteuerung.html).

The objective of this project is to implement everything that is known about the
proprietary MAX! Cube protocol in a modern language that will run on most
platforms and make cube state information and supported commands (such as setting
the desired temperature) available through a standards-based JSON/REST API, to
enable development of MAX! clients in a language/platform of choice without
having to re-implement the MAX! protocol.

Currently supported features
----------------------------

The node app (app.js) supports the following HTTP request types:

- GET /cubes
  Return all MAX! cubes on the local network as a JSON array (contains IP address,
  port and firmware)

- GET /cubes/:ip
  Return status information about the cube specified by IP address :ip as a
  structured JSON object

Getting Started
---------------

The requirement to run this program is Node.js (see http://nodejs.org/ for
details / installation).

To install this program's dependencies, use the node package manager and run
`npm install`

To run this program, simply type `node app.js` - open http://localhost:3000/cubes
in your browser to see a list of cubes or http://localhost:3000/cubes/cube_ip to
get detailed state information about one cube.

Recording Cube Data
-------------------

While the server is running, cube state of all known cubes will be retrieved every 
60 seconds and the most important data, such as temperatures and valve settings, 
will be stored in mongodb.
